README.md, before:

﻿<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/">
    <img src="Resources/Images/Databases.png" alt="Logo" width="200" height="200">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Data-Structures-and-Algorithms</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A project that contains all the Databases concepts 
    <br />
    And solutions to various problems in MySQL stored in a structured manner !
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/tree/main/Documents/"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/tree/main/Codes/">View Codes</a>
    ·
    <a href="mailto:ankitguptamdp@gmail.com">Report Bugs</a>
    ·
    <a href="mailto:ankitguptamdp@gmail.com">Request Features</a>
  </p>
</div>

<details>
<summary>Avg</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1211 | [1211. Queries Quality and Percentage](https://leetcode.com/problems/queries-quality-and-percentage/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Avg/1211%20-%20Queries%20Quality%20and%20Percentage.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Char Length</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1683 | [Invalid Tweets](https://leetcode.com/problems/invalid-tweets/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Char_Length/1683%20-%20Invalid%20Tweets.sql) | Easy | Solved | Char Length |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Count</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2356 | [Number of Unique Subjects Taught by Each Teacher](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-unique-subjects-taught-by-each-teacher/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Count/2356%20-%20Number%20of%20Unique%20Subjects%20Taught%20by%20Each%20Teacher.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Distinct, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Datediff</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0197 | [Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Datediff/0197%20-%20Rising%20Temperature.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join, Datediff, Where |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Delete</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0196 | [Delete Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Delete/0196%20-%20Delete%20Duplicate%20Emails.sql) | Easy | Solved | Delete, Where |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Group By</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0182 | [Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Group%20By/0182%20-%20Duplicate%20Emails.sql) | Easy | Solved | Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Having</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0596 | [Classes More Than 5 Students](https://leetcode.com/problems/classes-more-than-5-students/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Having/0596%20-%20Classes%20More%20Than%205%20Students.sql) | Easy | Solved | Group By, Having, Count |

</details>

<details>
<summary>In</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0183 | [Customers Who Never Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/customers-who-never-order/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/In/0183%20-%20Customers%20Who%20Never%20Order.sql) | Easy | Solved | In |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Is Null</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0584 | [Find Customer Referee](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-customer-referee/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Is%20Null/0584%20-%20Find%20Customer%20Referee.sql) | Easy | Solved | Is Null |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Join</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0570 | [Managers with at Least 5 Direct Reports](https://leetcode.com/problems/managers-with-at-least-5-direct-reports/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/0570%20-%20Managers%20with%20at%20Least%205%20Direct%20Reports.sql) | Medium | Solved | Join, Temporary Table, Group By, Having, Count |
| 1075 | [Project Employees I](https://leetcode.com/problems/project-employees-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1075%20-%20Project%20Employees%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Join, Group By |
| 1661 | [Average Time of Process per Machine](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-time-of-process-per-machine/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1661%20-%20Average%20Time%20of%20Process%20per%20Machine.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Join, Where, Group By |
| 1731 | [The Number of Employees Which Report to Each Employee](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-number-of-employees-which-report-to-each-employee/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1731%20-%20The%20Number%20of%20Employees%20Which%20Report%20to%20Each%20Employee.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Round, Join, Group By, Order By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Left Join</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0175 | [Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/0175%20-%20Combine%20Two%20Tables.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 0577 | [Employee Bonus](https://leetcode.com/problems/employee-bonus/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/0577%20-%20Employee%20Bonus.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join, Where, Is Null |
| 1068 | [Product Sales Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-sales-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1068%20-%20Product%20Sales%20Analysis%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1280 | [Students and Examinations](https://leetcode.com/problems/students-and-examinations/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1280%20-%20Students%20and%20Examinations.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Join, Left Join, Group By, Order By |
| 1378 | [Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-employee-id-with-the-unique-identifier/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1378%20-%20Replace%20Employee%20ID%20With%20The%20Unique%20Identifier.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1581 | [Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1581%20-%20Customer%20Who%20Visited%20but%20Did%20Not%20Make%20Any%20Transactions.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1934 | [Confirmation Rate](https://leetcode.com/problems/confirmation-rate/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1934%20-%20Confirmation%20Rate.sql) | Medium | Solved | Round, Avg, If,Left Join, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Order By</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0620 | [Not Boring Movies](https://leetcode.com/problems/not-boring-movies/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Order%20By/0620%20-%20Not%20Boring%20Movies.sql) | Easy | Solved | Order By, \%, !=  |

</details>

<details>
<summary>String Functions</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1667 | [Fix Names in a Table](https://leetcode.com/problems/fix-names-in-a-table/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/String%20Functions/1667%20-%20Fix%20Names%20in%20a%20Table.sql) | Easy | Solved | Concat, Upper, Substring, Lower, Order By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Subquery</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1633 | [Percentage of Users Attended a Contest](https://leetcode.com/problems/percentage-of-users-attended-a-contest/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Subquery/1633%20-%20Percentage%20of%20Users%20Attended%20a%20Contest.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Count, Subquery, Group By, Order By, Desc |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Sum</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1251 | [Average Selling Price](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-selling-price/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Sum/1251%20-%20Average%20Selling%20Price.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Sum, Between, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Where</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0181 | [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](https://leetcode.com/problems/employees-earning-more-than-their-managers/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/0181%20-%20Employees%20Earning%20More%20Than%20Their%20Managers.sql) | Easy | Solved | Where |
| 0595 | [Big Countries](https://leetcode.com/problems/big-countries/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/0595%20-%20Big%20Countries.sql) | Easy | Solved | Where, Or |
| 1148 | [Article Views I](https://leetcode.com/problems/article-views-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/1148%20-%20Article%20Views%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Distinct, Where, Order By |
| 1757 | [Recyclable and Low Fat Products](https://leetcode.com/problems/recyclable-and-low-fat-products/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/1757%20-%20Recyclable%20and%20Low%20Fat%20Products.sql) | Easy | Solved | Select, Where |

</details>

Commit message:

Adding Find Followers Count Solution

README.md, after:

﻿<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/">
    <img src="Resources/Images/Databases.png" alt="Logo" width="200" height="200">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Data-Structures-and-Algorithms</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A project that contains all the Databases concepts 
    <br />
    And solutions to various problems in MySQL stored in a structured manner !
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/tree/main/Documents/"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/tree/main/Codes/">View Codes</a>
    ·
    <a href="mailto:ankitguptamdp@gmail.com">Report Bugs</a>
    ·
    <a href="mailto:ankitguptamdp@gmail.com">Request Features</a>
  </p>
</div>

<details>
<summary>Avg</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1211 | [1211. Queries Quality and Percentage](https://leetcode.com/problems/queries-quality-and-percentage/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Avg/1211%20-%20Queries%20Quality%20and%20Percentage.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Char Length</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1683 | [Invalid Tweets](https://leetcode.com/problems/invalid-tweets/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Char_Length/1683%20-%20Invalid%20Tweets.sql) | Easy | Solved | Char Length |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Count</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1729 | [Find Followers Count](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-followers-count/) | [MySQL](link) | Easy | Solved | Count, Group By, Order By |
| 2356 | [Number of Unique Subjects Taught by Each Teacher](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-unique-subjects-taught-by-each-teacher/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Count/2356%20-%20Number%20of%20Unique%20Subjects%20Taught%20by%20Each%20Teacher.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Distinct, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Datediff</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0197 | [Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Datediff/0197%20-%20Rising%20Temperature.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join, Datediff, Where |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Delete</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0196 | [Delete Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Delete/0196%20-%20Delete%20Duplicate%20Emails.sql) | Easy | Solved | Delete, Where |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Group By</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0182 | [Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Group%20By/0182%20-%20Duplicate%20Emails.sql) | Easy | Solved | Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Having</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0596 | [Classes More Than 5 Students](https://leetcode.com/problems/classes-more-than-5-students/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Having/0596%20-%20Classes%20More%20Than%205%20Students.sql) | Easy | Solved | Group By, Having, Count |

</details>

<details>
<summary>In</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0183 | [Customers Who Never Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/customers-who-never-order/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/In/0183%20-%20Customers%20Who%20Never%20Order.sql) | Easy | Solved | In |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Is Null</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0584 | [Find Customer Referee](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-customer-referee/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Is%20Null/0584%20-%20Find%20Customer%20Referee.sql) | Easy | Solved | Is Null |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Join</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0570 | [Managers with at Least 5 Direct Reports](https://leetcode.com/problems/managers-with-at-least-5-direct-reports/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/0570%20-%20Managers%20with%20at%20Least%205%20Direct%20Reports.sql) | Medium | Solved | Join, Temporary Table, Group By, Having, Count |
| 1075 | [Project Employees I](https://leetcode.com/problems/project-employees-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1075%20-%20Project%20Employees%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Join, Group By |
| 1661 | [Average Time of Process per Machine](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-time-of-process-per-machine/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1661%20-%20Average%20Time%20of%20Process%20per%20Machine.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Avg, Join, Where, Group By |
| 1731 | [The Number of Employees Which Report to Each Employee](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-number-of-employees-which-report-to-each-employee/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Join/1731%20-%20The%20Number%20of%20Employees%20Which%20Report%20to%20Each%20Employee.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Round, Join, Group By, Order By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Left Join</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0175 | [Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/0175%20-%20Combine%20Two%20Tables.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 0577 | [Employee Bonus](https://leetcode.com/problems/employee-bonus/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/0577%20-%20Employee%20Bonus.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join, Where, Is Null |
| 1068 | [Product Sales Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-sales-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1068%20-%20Product%20Sales%20Analysis%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1280 | [Students and Examinations](https://leetcode.com/problems/students-and-examinations/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1280%20-%20Students%20and%20Examinations.sql) | Easy | Solved | Count, Join, Left Join, Group By, Order By |
| 1378 | [Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-employee-id-with-the-unique-identifier/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1378%20-%20Replace%20Employee%20ID%20With%20The%20Unique%20Identifier.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1581 | [Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1581%20-%20Customer%20Who%20Visited%20but%20Did%20Not%20Make%20Any%20Transactions.sql) | Easy | Solved | Left Join |
| 1934 | [Confirmation Rate](https://leetcode.com/problems/confirmation-rate/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Left%20Join/1934%20-%20Confirmation%20Rate.sql) | Medium | Solved | Round, Avg, If,Left Join, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Order By</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0620 | [Not Boring Movies](https://leetcode.com/problems/not-boring-movies/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Order%20By/0620%20-%20Not%20Boring%20Movies.sql) | Easy | Solved | Order By, \%, !=  |

</details>

<details>
<summary>String Functions</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1667 | [Fix Names in a Table](https://leetcode.com/problems/fix-names-in-a-table/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/String%20Functions/1667%20-%20Fix%20Names%20in%20a%20Table.sql) | Easy | Solved | Concat, Upper, Substring, Lower, Order By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Subquery</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1633 | [Percentage of Users Attended a Contest](https://leetcode.com/problems/percentage-of-users-attended-a-contest/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Subquery/1633%20-%20Percentage%20of%20Users%20Attended%20a%20Contest.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Count, Subquery, Group By, Order By, Desc |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Sum</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1251 | [Average Selling Price](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-selling-price/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Sum/1251%20-%20Average%20Selling%20Price.sql) | Easy | Solved | Round, Sum, Between, Group By |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Where</summary>

| # | Problem | Solution | Difficulty | Status | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0181 | [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](https://leetcode.com/problems/employees-earning-more-than-their-managers/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/0181%20-%20Employees%20Earning%20More%20Than%20Their%20Managers.sql) | Easy | Solved | Where |
| 0595 | [Big Countries](https://leetcode.com/problems/big-countries/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/0595%20-%20Big%20Countries.sql) | Easy | Solved | Where, Or |
| 1148 | [Article Views I](https://leetcode.com/problems/article-views-i/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/1148%20-%20Article%20Views%20I.sql) | Easy | Solved | Distinct, Where, Order By |
| 1757 | [Recyclable and Low Fat Products](https://leetcode.com/problems/recyclable-and-low-fat-products/) | [MySQL](https://github.com/ankitguptamdp/Databases/blob/main/Codes/Where/1757%20-%20Recyclable%20and%20Low%20Fat%20Products.sql) | Easy | Solved | Select, Where |

</details>
